Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs.
Have a great affection, liking, or desire for	Feel a great affection or sympathy for.
The positive end of the battery and terminal 1 are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia pleads guilty to lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
11 killed in Chinese police station attack	Eleven dead in attack on police station in China
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
Value measured by what should be given or obtained to obtain something.	Value measured by what must be given or made or suffered to obtain something.
A man is playing the drums.	A man plays the drum.
Bulbs A and C were still contained in circuits closed with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Train in a station.	A train in a station.
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy threatens east coast of the United States
The blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	The bulb is not in the closed circuit containing the battery
What's more, divisions are reproduced locally.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level.
This provision could open the doors of arbitrariness.	This point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit with which the European Constitution must be resolved.
The man is riding a horse.	A man is riding.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	A man and a dog on a rocky coast.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are unemployed, tired and disappointed.
Israeli forces detain five Palestinians in West Bank	Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.
This provision could open the doors of arbitrariness.	This point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one.
What's more, divisions are reproduced locally.	Beyond the geographical division, divisions locally.
The man bored the wood.	A man drills wood.
Man standing in front of silver train.	Man standing in front of a silver wagon.
A woman with a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy threatens east coast of the United States
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three important developments have been achieved.
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo	More than 70 killed in clashes in support of Morsi in Egypt
Does Minister Clarence Thomas break the silence in an article in The New York Times or the Onion? It is not clear.	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court
A sheep on a table at an auction.	Woolly sheep at auction house.
A problem	a problem.
Someone is playing piano.	A person is playing the electric piano.
A woman is cutting a hard-boiled egg.	A person is cutting a boiled egg into pieces.
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is singing while playing the guitar.
A wet black dog with a red collar is on the river	A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
Train in a station.	Trains inside an indoor station.
Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes	Top cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel attacks
React, or respond to a call, order, or stimulus	React to a stimulus or command.
An Amtrak passenger train waits at a station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.
Are all on separate paths	A and C are in different circuits
Because bulb is not included in the closed path	There is a closed circuit with A and B where there is no C.
A man is playing the guitar.	A woman is playing the guitar.
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion	Dolce & Gabbana receives a fine in a tax case in Italy
Pass the tongue, lift with the tongue	Pass the tongue over.
The bird is sitting on the branch.	A red and brown bird is perched on a branch.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
Reach a destination or goal	Arrive at a destination; Arrive by movement or progress.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair next to a large trash bin.
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button with the best time after the first practice
A woman boils eggs.	A woman places two eggs in a pot of water.
The bulb is not contained in the path	The bulb is not in the closed circuit containing the battery
The man who blew himself up in the National Mall has died	Man Sets Himself on Fire at National Mall, Flown to Hospital
Israel launches air strike in the Gaza Strip	Israel launches air strikes near Damascus
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A girl wearing a helmet with a bicycle in the background.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.	A white dog runs through a snowy forest.
A man is riding.	A girl is riding a horse.
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.	A and C are in different circuits
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston	The music industry cries Whitney Houston
A boy riding a white horse.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.
You can find where there is a gap.	The voltage measurement indicates whether there is a gap between two terminals.
Bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery	A and C are in different circuits
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums.
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European ministers prepare to approve Greek bailout
A man is riding.	A woman is riding an elephant.
A man is playing a flute in a band.	A man is playing the guitar.
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	Bangladesh: Election Offensive Grows
I do not know if this goes for people generally, but that was how it went.	I know it bothers you socialists or progressives, but that's how things are.
A white cat standing on a carpet.	A pretty white striped cat with head hanging from the edge of the table.
A man riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
Turkmenistan borders Afghanistan.	Sistan and Baluchistan have borders with Afghanistan and Pakistan.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	A red and brown bird is perched on a branch.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And Obama does not receive any credit for the official budget.
Twelve killed in bomb attack on Pakistani train	Five killed by bomb blast in East India
Man arrested for a double murder	WA man arrested in police drug raid
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids	NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan
A little girl in a red shirt pulls the kite.	A girl wearing a red T-shirt takes a picture with a phone.
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is driving a car.
All the bulbs are on parralel paths	A and C are in different circuits
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	CMIE reduces growth forecasts for the period 2012-2013 to 6.3%
A man is riding.	A man is talking on a phone.
The act of conceiving or disguising	The action of leaving something.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	A wet black dog with a red collar is on the river
Earthquake of magnitude 4.1 shakes the United States	7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
Dozens killed in riot in Nigeria	Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
Seven dead in shooting at a Christian school	5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
A person is stirring rice.	A woman is cracking an egg.
(The action of doing) a measure of something.	The act of making up your mind about something.
A man is opening a box using a knife.	A man is playing the guitar.
A man is kicking oots of water.	A woman is cutting a red pepper.
The root of a word	The removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
A man is playing the drums.	A woman is slicing some leaves.
A girl wearing a helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A woman holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
A woman is peeling the shrimp.	A man is dancing in rain.
All eyes are on Raheel Sharif, the new head of the Pakistani army	Flood alerts in France as river levels rise
Create a coating for something.	The action of leaving something.
A boy dressed in red jumping into a sandbox.	A dog swimming in a pond
Measure the time or duration of	Make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
Obama never uttered the word "threat" or "threaten."	They found the bomb before they found the woman
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.	A man is stretching the dough.
A person who is a member of the Senate Chamber	A person who is a member of a partnership
The act of confining, preventing or blocking something	The action of referring or consulting.
(The action of taking) a measure of something.	The act of removing or getting rid of something.
A cow is eating grass.	A dog is pulling a girl down a hill.
